Create 'quorum' queues in RabbitMQ (#3699)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-rabbitmq.md

{{< /tabs >}}

## Use quorum queues

> By default Dapr creates 'classic' queues. To create 'quorum' queues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Dapr creates `classic` queues. To create `quorum` queues, add the following metadata to your subscription:
```

{{< /tabs >}}

## Use quorum queues

> By default, Dapr creates `classic` queues. To create `quorum` queues, add the following metadata to your subscription:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, Dapr creates `classic` queues. To create `quorum` queues, add the following metadata to your pub/sub [subscription]({{< ref subscription-schema.md >}})
```

Reviewer 2: @aaguilartablada - Got it. Thanks for the clarification. I closed the other PR (https://github.com/dapr/docs/pull/3193_ and looked at the code in yours to see this change. Suggest adding this link to the subscription format
